README.md, before:

# [Statsig](https://statsig.com/) &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)](https://github.com/statsig-io/private-js-client-monorepo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/statsig-js.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/statsig-js) [![slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-statsig-brightgreen.svg?logo=slack)](https://statsig.com/community) 

Statsig helps you move faster with feature gates (feature flags), and/or dynamic configs. It also allows you to run A/B/n tests to validate your new features and understand their impact on your KPIs. If you're new to Statsig, check out our product and create an account at statsig.com.


## Variants

- [Precomputed (Recommended)](packages/precomputed-evaluations/README.md)
- [On Device](packages/on-device-evaluations/README.md)

## React Bindings

- [React](packages/react-bindings/README.md)
- [React Native](packages/react-native-bindings/README.md)
- [React Native (Expo)](packages/expo-bindings/README.md)

## Getting Started

Read through the [Documentation](https://docs.statsig.com/client/jsClientSDK) or check out the [Samples](samples/).

## Community

If you need any assitance or just have a question, feel free to reach out to us on [Slack](https://statsig.com/community).

Commit message:

chore: add beta warnings to readme (#19)

README.md, after:

# [Statsig](https://statsig.com/) &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-blue.svg)](https://github.com/statsig-io/private-js-client-monorepo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/statsig-js.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/statsig-js) [![slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-statsig-brightgreen.svg?logo=slack)](https://statsig.com/community)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This version of the SDK is still in beta. The non-beta version can be found [here](https://github.com/statsig-io/js-client).

Statsig helps you move faster with feature gates (feature flags), and/or dynamic configs. It also allows you to run A/B/n tests to validate your new features and understand their impact on your KPIs. If you're new to Statsig, check out our product and create an account at statsig.com.

## Variants

- [Precomputed (Recommended)](packages/precomputed-evaluations/README.md)
- [On Device](packages/on-device-evaluations/README.md)

## React Bindings

- [React](packages/react-bindings/README.md)
- [React Native](packages/react-native-bindings/README.md)
- [React Native (Expo)](packages/expo-bindings/README.md)

## Getting Started

Read through the [Documentation](https://docs.statsig.com/client/jsClientSDK) or check out the [Samples](samples/).

## Community

If you need any assitance or just have a question, feel free to reach out to us on [Slack](https://statsig.com/community).
